# No competition is legal
competitor 1 Monaco
competition x 1 timed 1
competition x 3 timed 4
competition x 2 timed 5
competition x 3 timed 6
competitor 4 Albania
competitor 43 Belarus
competitor 44 Norway
competitor 45 Slovenia
competition y 6 timed 9
competition x 1 timed 2
competitor 2 Greece
competitor 3 Belgium
competition x 2 timed 3
competition z 14 timed 87
competition z 15 timed 98
competition z 8 timed 109
competitor 46 Georgia
competitor 47 Belgium
competitor 48 Monaco
competitor 49 Croatia
competitor 50 Andorra
competition y 9 timed 12
competition y 10 timed 13
competition y 11 timed 14
competition y 12 timed 15
competition y 7 timed 10
competition y 8 timed 11
competition z 12 timed 65
competition z 13 timed 76
competition y 13 timed 16
competitor 51 Russia
competitor 52 Vatican 
competitor 5 Albania
competitor 6 Georgia
competitor 7 Switzerland
competition y 4 timed 3
competition y 5 timed 4
competition y 6 timed 5
competition y 7 timed 6
competitor 8 Finland
competitor 9 Monaco
competitor 10 Malta
competitor 11 Moldova
competitor 12 Norway
competitor 13 Portugal
competitor 14 England
competitor 15 Belgium
competition y 8 timed 19
competition y 9 timed 20
competition y 10 timed 21
competition y 11 timed 22
competitor 18 Croatia
competitor 19 Liechtenstein
competitor 20 Finland
competitor 21 Vatican 
competitor 22 Slovenia
competition y 12 timed 23
competition y 13 timed 24
competition y 14 timed 25
competition y 15 timed 26
competitor 16 Sweden
competitor 17 Spain
competitor 23 Latvia
competitor 24 Armenia
competitor 25 Sweden
competitor 26 Poland
competitor 27 Hungary
competitor 28 Macedonia
competitor 29 Belgium
competitor 30 Germany
competitor 31 Austria
competition z 1 timed 19
competition z 1 timed 190
competition z 14 timed 8
competition z 15 timed 9
competition z 8 timed 10
competition z 9 timed 11
competition z 10 timed 12
competition z 11 timed 13
competition z 12 timed 14
competition z 13 timed 15
competition z 14 timed 16
competition z 15 timed 17
competitor 32 Portugal
competitor 33 Bosnia 
competitor 34 Iceland
competitor 35 Andorra
competitor 36 Greece
competitor 37 France
competitor 38 Serbia
competitor 39 Albania
competitor 40 United-Kingdom
competitor 41 Vatican 
competitor 42 Denmark
competitor 53 Slovakia
competitor 54 Kazakhstan
competitor 55 Slovakia
competitor 56 Portugal
competition z 8 timed 2
competition z 9 timed 3
competition z 10 timed 4
competition z 11 timed 5
competition z 12 timed 6
competition z 13 timed 7
competitor 57 Italy
competitor 58 Estonia
competitor 59 Malta
competitor 60 Iceland
competitor 61 Belgium
competitor 62 Luxembourg
competitor 63 Romania
competitor 64 France
competitor 65 Netherlands
competitor 66 Poland
competitor 67 Slovakia
competitor 68 Kazakhstan
competitor 69 France
competitor 70 Germany
competitor 71 Belarus
competitor 72 Finland
competitor 73 Ukraine
competitor 74 Bulgaria
competitor 75 Norway
competitor 76 Latvia
competitor 77 Latvia
competitor 78 Luxembourg
competitor 79 Austria
competitor 80 Croatia
competitor 81 Slovenia
competitor 82 Lithuania
competition y 14 timed 17
competition y 15 timed 18
competition z 1 timed 191
competition z 1 timed 192
competition z 8 timed 21
competition z 9 timed 32
competition z 10 timed 43
competition z 11 timed 54
competitor 83 San-Marino
competitor 84 Romania
competitor 85 Greece
competitor 86 Austria
competitor 87 Slovakia
competitor 88 Austria
competitor 89 Lithuania
competitor 90 Bosnia
competitor 91 Croatia
competitor 92 Kazakhstan
competitor 93 Austria
competitor 94 Malta
competitor 95 Albania
competitor 96 Italy
competitor 97 Slovakia
competitor 98 Netherlands
competitor 99 Poland
competitor 100 Norway
competition y 4 timed 7
competition y 5 timed 8
competition z 9 timed 110
competition z 10 timed 123
competition z 11 timed 134
competition z 12 timed 145
competition z 13 timed 156
competition z 14 timed 167
competition z 15 timed 178